README.md, before:

**Electric Field Simulation App**

![Image of Simulation](simulation.png)
The application simulates an electric field around charged particles. You can add positively and negatively charged
particles to the simulation by clicking on the red and blue circles at the bottom of the screen. Red circles represent
positive charges while blue circles represent negative charges.Once on the screen, the particles will produce an
electric field, represented by a vector field of arrows. Particles can be moved around the screen by dragging and
dropping. The color/shade of an arrow represents the strength of the vector field at that point. Solid arrows represent
stronger fields, while arrows in weaker fields are less visible. Charges can be removed from the simulation by dragging
them out of the electric field box.

**Setup**

MacOS
Dependencies
    1. $ brew install gcc cmake sdl2

QuickStart
    1. $ mkdir build
    $ cd build/
    $ cmake ..
    $ make
    $ ./nothing

1. Navigate to ~/cmake-build-debug/Debug/field-simulation-app from the project directory.
2. Run field-simulation-app.app.

Commit message:

Added instructions for installing libcinder.

README.md, after:

**Electric Field Simulation App**

![Image of Simulation](simulation.png)
The application simulates an electric field around charged particles. You can add positively and negatively charged
particles to the simulation by clicking on the red and blue circles at the bottom of the screen. Red circles represent
positive charges while blue circles represent negative charges.Once on the screen, the particles will produce an
electric field, represented by a vector field of arrows. Particles can be moved around the screen by dragging and
dropping. The color/shade of an arrow represents the strength of the vector field at that point. Solid arrows represent
stronger fields, while arrows in weaker fields are less visible. Charges can be removed from the simulation by dragging
them out of the electric field box.

**Setup**

MacOS
Dependencies
    1. $ brew install gcc cmake sdl2

Install LibCinder
    1. Download Cinder (v0.9.2) for your platform from https://libcinder.org/download.
        Create a folder named Cinder and extract the downloaded item into it.
        We’ll call this folder ~/Cinder throughout the instructions
    2. To build libcinder from the command line, first make sure you have CMake version 2.8 or later installed.
        Do the following from within the main cinder repo path:
        mkdir build
        cd build
        cmake ..
        make -j4

        By default you'll be building for Debug configuration, to build release change the above cmake command to:
        cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ..
        make -j4

Build the app.
Clone the repository into a subfolder under ~Cinder and then:
1. $ mkdir build
    $ cd build/
    $ cmake ..
    $ make -j4
   
2. Load the Cmake project

3. Navigate to ~/cmake-build-debug/Debug/field-simulation-app from the project directory.
4. Run field-simulation-app.app.
